Upgrade 0.48.1 (#211)
giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

- Update controller container image to [`v0.48.1`](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/releases/tag/controller-v0.48.1). ([#211](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/pull/211)). This release contains several performance improvements related to the admission webhook.

> - Breaking: Specify `--disable-svc-external-name` flag by default to disable forwarding to [ExternalName Services](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#externalname). If you require this feature, you can disable setting this flag through user values by setting `controller.disableExternalNameForwarding` to `true`. ([#211](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/pull/211))

Author: @pipo02mix Can you check the changelog entry if its clear enough? I'm planning to make the next release to be `2.0.0` to indicate the breaking change.

> - Breaking: Specify `--disable-svc-external-name` flag by default to disable forwarding to [ExternalName Services](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#externalname). If you require this feature, you can disable setting this flag through user values by setting `controller.disableExternalNameForwarding` to `true`. ([#211](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/pull/211))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking: Define `--disable-svc-external-name` flag by default to disable forwarding to [ExternalName Services](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#externalname). If you require this feature, you can enable forwarding again setting this flag through user values `controller.disableExternalNameForwarding: true`. ([#211](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/pull/211))
```
